# gom-sensor-ports

Easy UDP/TCP sensor data sending to a remote GOM node. This gem includes a GNP
callback server, support for automatic observer refreshments and command line
tools for reading, writing and observing GOM entries.

## Usage

The gem provides a daemon which connects your sensor to the GOM HTTP update
protocol. You can start the daemon from the command line with its GOM URL:

  $ gom-sensor-port http://gom.dev.artcom.de/sensor

The sensor will load its configuration from that GOM node. The configuration
values and their defauls are: 

      interface: '0.0.0.0'
      port:       44470
      verbose:    false
      mode:       :udp

(Note: only udp mode is currently implemented)
Any of these defaults can be change from the command line:

  $ gom-sensor-port --interface=1.1.1.23 http://gom.dev.artcom.de/sensor

gom-sensor-port will than listen to incoming sensor packages and interpret the
incoming messages as simple key value pair which it writes to the GOM:

received from sensor: 
    
    foo:123

written to GOM:

    /sensor:raw = 'foo:123'
    /sensor/values:foo = '123'


## Install

use the bundler tasks:

    $ rake build install 

optional:

    $ rake release

## Dependencies 

see Gemfile

## Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a
  commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

## Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010/13 art+com AG/dirk luesebrink. See LICENSE for details.
